Tgi Sharded feature (#485)
huggingface/optimum-habana: text-generation-inference/README.md

   ```bash
   docker build -t tgi_gaudi .
   ```

> 2. Launch a local server instance for 1x:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Launch a local server instance on one Gaudi card:
```
Not sure 1x and 8x mean much to users

   ```bash
   model=bigscience/bloom-560m
   volume=$PWD/data # share a volume with the Docker container to avoid downloading weights every run

   docker run -p 8080:80 -v $volume:/data --runtime=habana -e POST_PROCESS_CPU=0 -e PT_HPU_ENABLE_LAZY_COLLECTIVES=true -e HABANA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=all -e OMPI_MCA_btl_vader_single_copy_mechanism=none --cap-add=sys_nice --ipc=host tgi_gaudi --model-id $model
   ```

> 3. Launch a local server instance for 8x:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Launch a local server instance on 8 Gaudi cards:
```

   ```bash
   model=meta-llama/Llama-2-70b-hf
   volume=$PWD/data # share a volume with the Docker container to avoid downloading weights every run

   docker run -p 8080:80 -v $volume:/data --runtime=habana -e PT_HPU_ENABLE_LAZY_COLLECTIVES=true -e HABANA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=all -e OMPI_MCA_btl_vader_single_copy_mechanism=none --cap-add=sys_nice --ipc=host tgi_gaudi --model-id $model --sharded true --num-shard 8
   ```
4. You can then send a request:
   ```bash
   curl 127.0.0.1:8080/generate \
     -X POST \
     -d '{"inputs":"What is Deep Learning?","parameters":{"max_new_tokens":17, "do_sample": true}}' \
     -H 'Content-Type: application/json'
   ```
   > The first call will be slower as the model is compiled.

> 5. To run benchmark test, please refer [Benchmark](https://github.com/huggingface/text-generation-inference/tree/main/benchmark).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To run benchmark test, please refer to [TGI's benchmark tool](https://github.com/huggingface/text-generation-inference/tree/main/benchmark).
```

   To run it on the same machine, you can do the following:
   ```bash
   docker exec -it <docker name> bash => pick the docker started from step 3 or 4 using docker ps

   text-generation-benchmark -t <model-id> => pass the model-id from docker run command

>    Once the test runs through various batch sizes, hit ctrl+c to see the performance data summary.

Reviewer: It doesn't look like it should be inside this code block

   ```

> For gated models such as [StarCoder](https://huggingface.co/bigcode/starcoder), you will have to pass `-e HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN=<token>` to the `docker run` command above with a valid Hugging Face Hub read token.

For more information and documentation about Text Generation Inference, checkout [the README](https://github.com/huggingface/text-generation-inference#text-generation-inference) of the original repo.

> Not all features of TGI are currently supported as this is still features work in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all features of TGI are currently supported as this is still a work in progress.
```

New changes are added for the current release:

> - Shared feature with supporting DeepSpeed-inference auto tensor parallism. Also use HPU graph for performance improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sharded feature with support for DeepSpeed-inference auto tensor parallism. Also use HPU graph for performance improvement.
```

|------------------     |:---------------|:------------|:--------------------              |:---------------------------------
|  MAX_TOTAL_TOKENS     | integer        | 0           | Control the padding of input          | add -e in docker run, such         |
|  ENABLE_HPU_GRAPH     | true/false     | true        | Enable hpu graph or not                                                      |  add -e in docker run command  |
|  PROF_WARMUPSTEP      | integer        | 0           | Enable/disable profile, control profile warmup step, 0 means disable profile |  add -e in docker run command  |
|  PROF_STEP            | interger       | 5           | Control profile step                                                         |  add -e in docker run command  |
|  PROF_PATH            | string         | /root/text-generation-inference                                   | Define profile folder  | add -e in docker run command  |
|  POST_PROCESS_CPU     | 0/1            | 1           | Define post process device          | add -e in docker run command, for smaller model like bloom-560m, 0 has better performance |

> | LIMIT_HPU_GRAPH       | True/False     | False       | Skip HPU graphr usage for prefill to save memory | add -e in docker run command |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| LIMIT_HPU_GRAPH       | True/False     | False       | Skip HPU graph usage for prefill to save memory | add -e in docker run command |
```
